so what I want to show you today is how
to stop selling to poor people and
before we get into that my name is
Daniel fazo I'm the co-founder of client
Ascension and Lis kit we're probably
going to do about
$550,000 this month and this is for if
you're running an agency any kind of B2B
business and you want to start making
significantly more money and the first
step to doing that is to stop selling to
poor people because poor people don't
have money to pay you higher prices now
there's a couple components associated
with this like for instance have you
ever found that pretty much 20% of your
clients get 80% of the results and now
you might be under the impression that
if
80% of your clients are only getting 20%
of the results you might falsely think
inside of your head that I'm not really
good at let's say you're running an ad
agency or you're running like a Leen
agency you do cold email for clients and
80% of them are just getting either
lackluster
or no results at all and but there's
this 20% of clients who get really good
results like you have 10 clients two of
them are absolutely killing it eight of
them are doing absolutely terrible so
this might lead you to the impression
that you're really bad at what you do
now the problem with this is that that
that that hits your confidence it makes
makes you less confident in yourself it
makes you scarer to close more clients
or or or or or just be more Force ful in
how you approach your business right but
I want to let you know that a very
significant portion of the time the
reason why you can't get certain clients
any results is because the client is
running a shitty business in the first
place so basically it's just impossible
to get them results at all and this
really this really screwed with me when
I was a beginner because like you you're
not really proficient at what you're
doing yet so it's confusing to know like
am I just not good or does this client
just run a really bad
business so you don't you you you can't
really determine what exactly is the
problem here but it's about half the
time the client runs a shitty business
and and the best way to determine
whether this is the case is to actually
find out the revenue of the business so
I see this a lot and the first thing you
that you need to start implementing
aside of for business is a type form
filtering mechanism so I used to run my
business with just a calendly link like
I'd have my landing page or be my video
if I have any case studies on the page
there it is and I'd have the calendly
and now the problem with this is you'd
start taking all of the calls from
everyone so like you're you're wasting
time by talking to people who are not
qualified to work with you in the first
place so let me give you an example I I
have this one funnel right now where
someone comes in and they select that
the revenue is less than
$3,000 per month and they say that they
can't do the starting fee they aren't
even shown the calendly at all they
don't even see it they're just just okay
we took the application and if we if we
determine that we want to work with you
later on we like we'll hit you
up that's never the case because like we
just have so many qualified leads in the
first place but the problem is that
you're you're you're taking the
calls of clients who run a business but
the business doesn't actually make any
[__] money at all so it's a complete
and utter waste of time for you now the
problem with this is that you're on a
sales call and you quote a very
reasonable price for your services like
otherwise what it's actually worth and
this client over here who makes [__]
three grand a month two grand a month
and they're big business it's like
that's too expensive and you hear this
[__] on like half your calls so now it
warps your mind into think oh I'm
charging way too much money and I'm not
actually worth what I'm worth because
all you're doing is talking to [__]
poor people who can't afford anything at
all so everything is expensive to the
poor person now the problem with this is
that then you get in the phone you find
yourself in the phone with some business
an actual real [__] business who's
doing maybe 20,000 $50,000 per month
more and then you quote some insanely
low price and they're either like that's
that's strangely too low or they take
the deal and you just got [__]
swindled and you for like a third of the
price that you otherwise could have
charged right so this is important your
ability to filter out the poor people
and not even expose your psyche to them
at all like you really just need to
remove any kind of Association
communication
or like literally
any they leak out the pores they they
leak out into your psyche and they make
you poor you just [__] eliminate them
just don't ever talk to them [__] at
all and the best way to do that is to
have a typ form filtering system right
so so you use a type form before your
calendly if there is inbound leads or
you're doing ads if you're doing
outbound if you're doing cold email just
don't Outreach to poor people in the
first place so like if you're using
something like list kit to get leads
just select that you want them to have
11 employees or more like that's what
you wanted just don't email the poor
people you see what I mean so now the
second thing is your ability to
attract good businesses in the first
place so I want to quickly touch on this
because people say the word attract and
you're like you don't just randomly
[__] spawn clients by attracting them
and they just come out of of The Ether
from [__] nowhere like the the the
word attract is what that actually means
is that when you you produce content or
you produce case studies is or or you
start making tweets these algorithms are
watching your video TR transcribing your
videos and reading your tweets and
trying to serve
it to the most qualified person that
that makes sense for so if you're
talking if you're just talking about
higher level stuff it will attract the
higher level people in the form that the
algorithm will detect and match it to
that person who generally consumes that
that type of stuff that's how that works
so if you're
talking profusely to beginners all the
time then it's just only going to
algorithmically attract the beginnner so
like when I say attract that means
you're actually [__] doing something
you see what I mean like you don't just
like think about signing a good client
and then just [__] spawn out of
nowhere that's not a thing right so now
now
there are three ways to
attract better clients and it all has to
do with increasing your perceived level
of authority right because imagine
imagine there's you right here you're on
this hand and then you have a client
right here on this hand so in order for
you to sign a client the client has to
perceive you like say if it's cold email
they have to perceive your cold email
ability ility as being either equal to
them or you are
higher if you're trying to sign a client
for like cod mgan and the client thinks
that they know more than you at COD
email they're just not going to [__]
pay you because they know more than you
like your Authority has to be either
equal or higher to the client so
therefore how do we do that how do we
make your Authority in the the specific
area of expertise higher than the client
there are three ways to do this and the
first is producing useful content and
posting it online and I'm using the word
useful specifically this very important
it's teaching people [__] that they did
not know before right so me making this
video right now is useful to everyone
who wants to sign hire ticket clients
it's you like you can do something with
the information it is of use to somebody
you need to do the same exact thing in
your area of expertise right so you need
to post the [__] online this invokes
Goodwill right the second way is is it's
going to sound dumb but gaining
followers like yes despite what you
otherwise might think like oh followers
don't indicate expertise well it
definitely [__] indicates social
proof which is the largest determining
factor of any human's action at all you
know how your mom's like if your friends
jump off a bridge are you going to jump
off the bridge too and the reality of
the situation is that yeah [__] most
people are going to actually jump off
the bridge like what do you like you're
you're at the River or the lake with
their friends and I don't know it's a
summer afternoon when you were a kid and
there's like this bridge and your
friends are jumping off ah it's so fun
and like look it's a big jump and
everyone's having fun everyone jumps off
the bridge and if you don't jump off the
bridge you're a [__] you're like oh I'm
not a [__] so you jump off the bridge
everyone jumps off the bridge literally
everyone like every human in the planet
jumps off the bridge it's like 99% of
people will jump the bridge therefore
this is why having followers is very
important to increase your perceived
level of authority because if a [__] ton
of other people or following this guy he
must he must be saying something worth
listening to right so
therefore you got to gain followers and
the way you gain followers is by being
consistent and actually posting useful
[__] which is the first thing we said
and this this is the result of the so so
the first thing is being useful the
second thing the act of gaining
followers is achieved by the consistency
of being useful so you can't just be
useful once you have to be useful every
[__] day like every every single day
for months and years continuously over
and over and over again right so the
next is case studies this is the third
way to increase your Authority is case
studies this is also a form of social
proof you're
showing that you are the person capable
of delivering a quantifiable result and
you typically want to put this on your
YouTube your your your LinkedIn like you
want a video of this and you want a
quantifiable result it can't be a
testimonial where it's like we loved
working with him nobody gives a [__] it
has to say a specific quantifiable
result that was achieved like if you if
you go to client ascension. and then you
put your you put your info in there and
then you get to my vssl page I'll put
the link to it in the description there
are a absolutely [__] ton of case
studies that's the kind of case studies
you need that's what you need to do
right so I want to show you I want I
want to share my screen real quick what
a healthy lead flow looks like so so
this is from a funnel I'm running and
this was 997 people and 29% of that make
less than $3,000 per
month um and then no normally like
people are like 5K a month or more bu so
it it's about like it's around 50% of
people are qualified on on this funnel
now I so so and and this take note is
that this is the lead
distribution for having maxed out all of
those three variables I just I just
spoke about earlier so a [__] ton of
useful content
online a lot of followers i' like 140
something thousand on Twitter I think I
think got 22,000 on YouTube now a couple
more thousand on LinkedIn like there's a
lot and then a lot of case studies and
still only 50% of them are qualified
right so if you don't have a ton of
useful content like me or a bunch of
followers like me or a bunch of case
studies like me the number of 50%
qualified actually goes down to like
it's it it's probably like 20% now I
wrote some numbers here so if
if if you're selling
something that's like 3K a month and all
of your leads you're getting are making
less than 10K per month you can see how
that's an issue so like generally if
you're selling something that's like1
1.5k a month like $1,500 a month you can
generally sell it to people who are at
like 5K 6K a month or more right now the
problem here is like a lot of people
they'll charge around like 3K so you're
charging 3K a month and then you're you
can't really sell a 3K a month service
to people making less than 15K a month
now the
problem with this is that if we go back
to that lead
distribution there's not a lot of people
in that lead distribution making 15 18K
per month or more it's like [__] 30%
so if we then assume that you don't have
all the previous variables The Authority
variables we talked about it's like
going to be it's going to be like 15%
for you like only 15% of the people you
talk to are going to be qualified so now
for Simplicity sake let's say that just
20% of your leads are going to be
qualified for whatever price you're
charging right now whatever Authority
level that you exist right so for every
100 leads you get into your pipeline
only 20 of them are people who could
even afford and are capable of starting
at all now let's say because you're kind
of a beginner you're not doing too much
that you're getting 20 leads in a month
and if you have a 20% qualified rate
that's four leads that are qualified
that you get in an in an entire [__]
month so now the problem with this is
that you are operating on a severely
High scarcity mindset because there are
only four people even capable of
purchasing your thing at all like in in
an entire month there are only four
people who who would ever even be able
to AFF your thing in the first place so
now I need you to understand something
that is way more important it's so
important that people just they just
don't get this they think that you're
running a company and the work is like
doing the client work like if I'm
growing a company like all I need to do
is is is just be doing a good job for
the clients and then new clients will
come except that's not [__] true it's
not true at all it's not even remotely
close to true in
fact I'm not even kidding
85% of everything you need to be doing
as the owner of a business is getting
more traffic you need more traffic you
need more leads that's it it's 85% of
the operation of a company at all that
is the entire thing 85% it's getting
more leads so let's say that you're like
let's say you're like an e-commerce
email marketing agency you think you're
in the business of doing e-commerce
email marketing you are actually in the
business of doing cold Outreach to
contact new clients making content
online to build followers and building a
personal brand making ad funnels and
making new ad creatives to get new
qualified leads right doing followup
doing sales calls that is 85% % of what
you do it like lit it's 15% of what
you're doing is the email marketing of
e-commerce Brands 85% of what you do has
[__] nothing at all to do with
e-commerce email marketing it's lit it's
and this is the same for every single
business so it's very interesting to me
that people think well if I just do this
business or if I just do this business
or if I just switch my offer to this or
switch my offer to this everything's
going to be so much easier but what they
don't realize is that if you are running
any agency or any B2B company at
all actually
85% of every single [__] one of them
is the exact same thing it's getting
more leads doing marketing creating
content doing sales calls doing followup
all of that it's 85% of everything so
it's very interesting to me like you'll
get people I'll get people sometimes
they'll come up to client ension and
they're like hey um I need a case study
of you doing it for this exact specific
kind of business and only if you can
produce a case study showing me that you
got results for someone running the
exact [__] same business as me like
to the absolute te like every single
intricacy only then am I going to do it
it's they don't realize that they're it
doesn't [__] matter that how unique
they think they are it's
85% the same [__] over and over and over
again for every single agency in B2B
company in the entire [__] planet all
of it is the same because there are only
three ways to get clients at all anyway
content marketing cold Outreach ads
that's it there's no other way to do it
therefore if you just [__] do those
three and just max them out to Turbo
hyper
efficiency like if you just do that
there's no [__] way the company
doesn't at least grow a little bit and
if you want me to teach you how to do
that [__] inside of your inside of your
business you you should go to the
description below client ascension.
comom I'll pin it in the comments too
and you should join there and you can
watch this video right here I love you
leave a comment if you have any
questions peace